---
title: LIGO Privacy Policy
productVersions:
  dotcom: '*'
redirect_from:
  - /articles/ligo-privacy-policy
---

**Short version:** _LIGO is collaborative project with users and contributors from all over the world, and that collaboration only works when our users are able to work together in good faith. While using the service, you must follow the terms of this section, which include some restrictions on content you can post, conduct on the service, and other limitations. In short, be excellent to each other._

Capitalized terms used but not defined in these Acceptable Use Policies have the meanings assigned to them in our [Terms of Service](https://ADDURL) and [Privacy Policy](https://ADDURL). "You" and "your" refer to "Customer" or "Users", and "We", "us", "our" refer to "LIGO".

### A. Data Collected on the Basis of Consent
Upon your implied or express consent, we collect a limited amount of data for the purpose of providing Services to you through the Website. Your data is not used for any other purposes, or shared with with third parties, except as set out here or with your express or implied consent. Your personally identifiable information found in data under our control will be removed upon your request unless the retention of that data is permitted under applicable laws.

### B. Data Collected on the Basis of Legitimate Interest
Based on the legitimate requirements to operate the Services and Website, We collect the following data that may contain personal information or personally identifiable information.


#### 1. Third Party Message Transmission
Messages you may send to communicate with us are not sent through the Website or Services. Messages to use are sent by other channels and platforms and are subject to separate privacy policies and terms of service unique to those channels and platforms.

#### 2. Statistics
The Website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States and allows us to observe and identify trends to improve the user experience on our website. Google Analytics processes data that may be considered personally identifiable, such as: the unique User ID set by Google Analytics, the date and time, the title of the page being viewed, the URL of the page being viewed, the URL of the page that was viewed prior to the current page, the screen resolution, the time in local timezone, the files that were clicked on and downloaded, the links clicked on to an outside domain, the type of device, and the country, region, and city. LIGO does not use this information for advertising or re-marketing purposes.

You may opt out of this tracking at any time by activating the “Do Not Track” setting in your browser, or by clicking the following link.

**** 3. Code Submitted by Users

The Website allows Users to input source code that can be compiled into output code using the Services. Where Users elect to create a unique link to share the source code the User inputs, a copy of this code is saved by LIGO so that it can be retrieved by any party with unique link generated by the Services. This source code is saved indefinitely to allow Users to share and return to the source code at a later time. If You include personal information or personally identifiable information in source code that is shared through the generation of a unique link, a copy of the enclosed personal information or personally identifiable information will be retained indefinitely by LIGO. By inputting source code into the Website and electing to generate a unique link to share the source code, you consent to the indefinite retention of the source code and disclosure of the source code to any person with the unique access link.

Where You input source code into the Website and elect to "Deploy" the source code, the compiled output will be deployed onto the publicly accessible Tezos test network, a publicly accessible multi-ledger blockchain outside of LIGO's control. Compiled code deployed to the Tezos test network

be compiled into an assembled . If you include personal information or personally identifiable information in code input into the compiler and you elect to share the compiled code, a copy of the personal information or personally identifiable information included in the code will be retained in a public code repository made available to the public under the MIT open source license. By sharing compiled code with personal information or personally identifiable information, you consent to the collection and disclosure of this information to the public, and confirm that you have the consent of all persons identified by this information. If you wish to remove this information [CONFIRM REMOVAL PROCESS WITH JEV]

Embedded content from other websites
Content on the Website may include embedded content (e.g. videos, charts, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor had visited the other website.

These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Please refer to the privacy policies and terms of service of embedded content providers for more information about how they use and personal information collected through their services.





- is unlawful or promotes unlawful activities;

- is or contains sexually obscene content;

- is libelous, defamatory, or fraudulent;

- is discriminatory or abusive toward any individual or group;

- gratuitously depicts or glorifies violence, including violent images;

- contains or installs any active malware or exploits, or uses our platform for exploit delivery (such as part of a command and control system); or

- infringes any proprietary right of any party, including patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other right.

### 3. Conduct Restrictions
While using the Service, under no circumstances will you:

- harass, abuse, threaten, or incite violence towards any individual or group, including our employees, officers, and agents, contributors, volunteers or other users;

- use our servers for any form of excessive automated bulk activity (for example, spamming or cryptocurrency mining), to place undue burden on our servers through automated means, or to relay any form of unsolicited advertising or solicitation through our servers;

- use our servers to disrupt or to attempt to disrupt, or to gain or to attempt to gain unauthorized access to, any service, device, data, account or network (unless authorized by LIGO for lawful purposes, such as a security audit, review or bug bounty);

- impersonate any person or entity, including any of our employees or representatives, including through false association with LIGO, or by fraudulently misrepresenting your identity or site's purpose; or

- violate the privacy of any third party, such as by posting another person's personal information without consent.

### 4. Services Usage Limits
Except as expressly permitted by applicable open source licenses, you will not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service without our express written permission.

### 5. Scraping and API Usage Restrictions
Scraping refers to extracting data from our Service via an automated process, such as a bot or webcrawler. You may scrape the website for the following reasons:

- Researchers may scrape public, non-personal information from the Service for research purposes, only if any publications resulting from that research are open access.
- Archivists may scrape the Service for public data for archival purposes.

You may not scrape the Service for spamming purposes, including for the purposes of selling User Personal Information.

All use of data gathered through scraping must comply with the [LIGO Privacy Policy](https://ADDURL).

### 6. Privacy
Misuse of User Personal Information is prohibited.

Any person, entity, or service collecting data from the Service must comply with the [LIGO Privacy Policy](https://ADDURL), particularly in regards to the collection of User Personal Information. If you collect any User Personal Information from the Service, you agree that you will only use that User Personal Information for the purpose for which that User has authorized it. You agree that you will reasonably secure any User Personal Information you have gathered from the Service, and you will respond promptly to complaints, removal requests, and "do not contact" requests from us or other users.

### 7. Excessive Bandwidth Use
The Service's bandwidth limitations vary based on the features you use. If we determine your bandwidth usage to be significantly excessive in relation to other users of similar features, we reserve the right to suspend your access, throttle your file hosting, or otherwise limit your activity until you can reduce your bandwidth consumption.

### 8. Marketing
**Short version:** *We do not generally prohibit the indirect use of LIGO for marketing purposes. However, we expect our users to follow certain limitations.*

You may not promote or distribute content or activity that is illegal or otherwise prohibited by our [Terms of Service](/ADDURL), [Privacy Policy](/ADDURL/), or this [Acceptable Use Policy](/ADDURL/), including excessive automated bulk activity (for example, spamming), misrepresentation, deception or passing off your activity as being supported or endorsed by LIGO without our express written consent.

### 9. Spam and Inauthentic Activity
Automated excessive bulk activity and coordinated inauthentic activity, such as spamming, are prohibited on the LIGO Website and Services. Prohibited activities include:
* bulk distribution of promotions and advertising prohibited by LIGO terms and policies
* inauthentic interactions, such as fake or automated inauthentic activity
* creation of or participation in secondary markets for the purpose of the proliferation of inauthentic activity
* using LIGO as a platform for propagating abuse on other platforms
* phishing or attempted phishing

LIGO reserves the right to remove any Content in violation of this policy.

### 10. User Protection
You must not engage in activity that significantly harms other users. We will resolve disputes in favor of protecting users as a whole.
